Azure Core linter rules docs and cleanup - Pass 1 (#1357)
Azure/typespec-azure: docs/libraries/azure-core/rules/no-multiple-discriminator.md

---
title: "no-multiple-discriminator"
---

```text title="Full name"
@azure-tools/typespec-azure-core/no-multiple-discriminator
```

> Using a nested polymophic relationship is now allowed in Azure services. Most JSON serializer and deserializer do not support this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a nested polymophic relationship is not allowed in Azure services. Most JSON serializers and deserializers do not support this feature.
```
